README.md, before:

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/a716b2bd-1082-43d9-bd17-cd3684d2d7ad/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/reactnd-would-you-rather/deploys)
[![Edit reactnd-project-would-you-rather](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/james-priest/reactnd-project-would-you-rather/tree/master/?fontsize=14)

# Would You Rather

Would You Rather is a polling game that presents the user with a series of questions that can be answered one of two ways.

It's built with React, Redux, React Router, & Redux Thunk.

This app is the second of three projects required for [Udacity's React Nanodegree program](https://www.udacity.com/course/react-nanodegree--nd019).

- **Live Demo:** [https://reactnd-would-you-rather.netlify.com/](https://reactnd-would-you-rather.netlify.com/)

## Installation

Clone the repository, change directories, and use NPM to install the dependencies.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/james-priest/reactnd-project-would-you-rather.git
$ cd reactnd-project-would-you-rather
$ npm install
```

## Usage

The project can be run with

- `npm start`

The project can be viewed in the browser at

- [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

Commit message:

docs: Add screenshots & link to Code Notes

README.md, after:

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/a716b2bd-1082-43d9-bd17-cd3684d2d7ad/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/reactnd-would-you-rather/deploys)
[![Edit reactnd-project-would-you-rather](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/james-priest/reactnd-project-would-you-rather/tree/master/?fontsize=14)

# Would You Rather

Would You Rather is a polling game that presents the user with a series of questions that can be answered one of two ways.

It's built with React, Redux, React Router, & Redux Thunk.

This app is the second of three projects required for [Udacity's React Nanodegree program](https://www.udacity.com/course/react-nanodegree--nd019).

- **Live Demo:** [https://reactnd-would-you-rather.netlify.com](https://reactnd-would-you-rather.netlify.com/)
- **Code Notes:** [Step-by-step walk-though of how this project was built](https://james-priest.github.io/reactnd-project-would-you-rather/)

## Installation

Clone the repository, change directories, and use NPM to install the dependencies.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/james-priest/reactnd-project-would-you-rather.git
$ cd reactnd-project-would-you-rather
$ npm install
```

## Usage

The project can be run with

- `npm start`

The project can be viewed in the browser at

- [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## Screenshots

![screenshot #1](docs/assets/images/wyr77-small.jpg)

![screenshot #2](docs/assets/images/wyr76-small.jpg)
